Win against McQueen at the Takarazuka Kinen!
I guess I have to give it up.
Letter of Withdrawal
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Like this...
Episode 10
One Day, Without a Doubt
And then this and that...
And then I have to do like this, and then—
Good Luck
Yeowch!
A-Are you okay, Kita-chan?!
Todally fihe...
Kita-chan, let me see your hand.
Run at Full Speed
Thank you, Dia-chan.
I know the media and the internet
are saying all kinds of things.
But I'm sure Teio will be
glad to have your charm!
Run at Full Speed
Yeah. I hope so.
Good Luck
Sharpening Their Fangs for the Kikkashou
Will the Racing Prodigy Leave the Track Forever...?
The Summer Races to Check Out!
Damn it! They just write
whatever they want, huh?
All they care about is whether
or not it gets them attention.
Anyone wanna explain where the hell Teio's
been for the last two or three days?
Maybe she got sick of us
having her do errands?
N-No way...
Is this my fault?
I know just the plan to get her back!
Huh?
Huh, what's this?
Teio-san!
Guess I'll come back.
Spe-senpai, you're the only person
who would for a trap like that.
I thought it was a good idea!
Are you not worried, McQueen? About Teio.
No matter what becomes of Teio, I will
continue to do what must be done.
What must be done?
Letter of Withdrawal
I will remain a top horse girl,
worthy of Teio's ambitions.
Letter of Withdrawal
The racers have entered the final straightaway
with just over 200 meters left!
Twin Turbo is hanging tough!
Symptom Dash is running on the outside,
with Spain Jelutong on the
inside in third place,
I can't!
but Twin Turbo still has a big lead on both!
Go!
Twin Turbo is roaring out there!
Her turbo engines are at full throttle!
She outruns the rest!
Twin Turbo has won the race!
You did it, Turbo!
She doesn't spare anything
when she sprints.
Which is pretty in-character, I guess.
I can't imagine Turbo running any other way.
This is her first big win in a while.
Hell yeah! Did you see that, Teio?!
The way your best rival ever, Turbo, runs?!
Rival?
Well, there's no rule
saying she can't say that.
An unrequited rivalry, huh?
It's open.
Teio...
Can we talk for a bit?
You're quitting your team?
Yeah. When I think about not being
able to run the same way anymore...
It hurts worse than I imagined.
Then you won't be racing anymore?
Since I sprung that one-sided promise on you,
I thought I should tell you in person.
I wanna be a strong and cool horse
girl like you, Symboli Rudolf-san!
Teio...
Sorry to bother you with this gloomy talk.
You've already decided, then.
Yeah. Thank you for everything.
H-Hello?
Hana-san... are you doing anything tonight?
Fine.
Last 20!
I can't!
I can't...
Fight, fight, fight, fight!
Right... I don't have to run anymore.
Okay, in that case, I'm gonna have fun!
And it's obvious what the first stop is!
A honey double, extra thick
and extra rich, please!
Okay, one double, extra thick and
extra rich, coming right up!
That'll be 1500 yen.
So good!
Nailed it!
It really suits you!
Y-You really think so?
Would you like to try this one on, too?
This color is trending big this summer!
Really? Let's see...
Th-That's...
No, thank you.
Karaoke
So cute!
Never been to a photo booth before.
Adorable!
Yeah!
Man, I did all kinds of stuff!
What a fun day.
I wonder what I should do tomorrow?
Has one day... always been this long?
Oh, Teio-san!
Kita-chan?
U-Um, I want you to have this!
Good Luck
It didn't turn out too good, but...
I want you to run again, so...
I worked really hard on it!
Thank you. But I'm sorry, I can't accept it.
Bye, now.
Um, becoming like you,
Teio-san... is my dream!
Sorry, but you shouldn't. There are
other girls you should look up to.
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Letter of Challenj
I'll be waiting on 9-19 at the
Nakayama Racecourse! —Twin Turbo
Teio's serious, then.
I happened to overhear.
She's injured pretty badly.
Even if she heals, she won't not be
able to run the same way ever again...
Letter of Withdrawal
If she wanted to keep
going... keep running...
If she felt like that, I'd do
everything I could to support her.
But if she's given up...
There might not be anything I can do.
But somewhere inside,
I wanna see her running again.
I can't bear to see her give up.
I can't get it out of my head.
Even if she's not as good as she used to be,
I want another chance
to see her on the track again.
But I can tell she's accepted it.
And I'm her trainer,
so I can't force the issue.
What about the others?
I'm going to tell them.
It's the least I can do.
But after everything she's accomplished,
I don't want her to just
fade away quietly.
I really want to send her off with a bang.
Can I get another?
Two of the same, please.
And I'm picking up his tab.
Tonight's my treat.
Hana-san...
Say what?!
Teio's done racing?!
Yeah. That's why she hasn't
been coming around lately.
This is a joke, right?! It has to be.
This has gotta be rough for her.
I can't even imagine what it's like,
not being able to run anymore.
I'm sure she'll get better!
She can eat a lot, and get better,
and then, I know... I think...
And here I thought no one
would be around this early.
Teio-san!
Teio...
I'm sorry, guys. I didn't
mean to make you worry.
Thanks for telling them, Trainer.
Teio-san...
Listen, Teio, can I propose something?
What is it?
You know the big fan festival
that's in September?
Why don't you perform there?
You can express yourself to the people
who supported you this whole time.
We'll help, too!
It's the least we can do!
I'm in!
Me too!
Teio-san...
Thanks, guys.
Teio...
I can't believe Teio-san
can't run anymore!
Sorry, McQueen. I know
I'm breaking our promise.
I'm going to keep running.
I'll remain the strongest horse girl,
no matter what happens to you.
Yeah. I think that's for the best.
Good luck.
Excuse me, then.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Tracen Academy Fan Appreciation Festival
9-19
Autumn Fan Appreciation Festival
Good work.
You're supposed to be working on your starts.
Why are you dashing at full speed?
I like to start at full power!
Nothing beats being in
first for the whole race!
Just you wait, Teio! I'm gonna
beat you in the fall race!
But I'm going to beat Teio first.
Nuh-uh, it'll be me! I gave her a challenge
after I won the Tanabata Sho!
Right?!
R-Right...
Wasn't that a while ago?
Did she ever actually answer?
Bwuh?
Right this way.
Frankfurters
Candied Apples
A little bit more...
Lower it slowly, now.
McQueen...
How's everything going?
Thank you for your help, President.
Everyone is excited to
see Teio take the stage.
I'm telling you, we should use this one!
Spica Presents:
Tokai Teio
Special Concert
No, this one!
Spica Presents:
Tokai Teio
Special Concert
This color is way more Teio-ish!
No, this one is!
Would you two give it a rest already?!
It's her fault!
Get it together! Are you trying
to ruin Teio's big moment?
And are you ever gonna stop crying?!
Teio-san...
You seem a little upset.
I suppose... I am.
The thought of her leaving me...
I don't know if I'll be able to
believe it until it actually happens.
I feel the same way.
Okay, it doesn't hurt anymore.
I should be able to manage—
I found you, Teio!
Hey, it's you...
Double Jet.
It's Twin Turbo!
You got every word wrong!
Did you see my challenge?
When are you gonna race me?
I'm gonna be in the next All Comers race!
A bunch of good runners are!
There's Ikuno, and, uh...
And, like, Rice Shower, too!
So we can race there!
The registration period is already over.
Besides, I'm not racing anymore.
Huh?! Why?!
What do you mean, "why?"
Okay, then, if I win the All Comers,
will you promise to race me next time?
That's just it. I'm not
racing at all anymore.
No way, no way, no way!
You have to race me! Cuz I'm gonna win!
I'll leave you in the dust!
I'm done with racing.
You'll just have to give it up.
What is that supposed to mean?!
The real Teio would never
give up! Never ever!
What do you know about me?!
If it can't be done,
I just have to accept it.
Even if it hurts so, so much...
I don't care about that!
But the Teio I know never ever gives up!
Rice is racing too, right? And a
lot of other strong horse girls.
You can't outrun them all.
I will win! I'll outrun them all and win!
You're just a big, dumb jerk, Teio!
Step, step, jump, then step...
Teio, you stupid jerk!
Turbo? What's the matter?
Ikuno!
It sucks so, so, so bad!
So, so, so bad!
I see... then Teio's giving up.
I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna outrun them
all right in front of Teio and win!
I'm gonna prove what happens
if you don't give up!
I don't think you'll be able to.
The All Comers race is the
same day as the Fan Festival.
I don't think Teio will be able to watch you.
Oh, no!
Trainer, you have to do something!
I'm not sure what you want me to...
No, no, no!
I wanna show Teio how I run!
Trainer...
I'm asking, too.
Trainer.
I understand.
Here's what we'll do...
First, you'll need to wear these...
Go! Canopus!
Strike while the iron is hot
Okay.
Candle Art
Tokai Teio Short Performance
Tracen Academy Fan Appreciation Festival
Iwate & Kochi Products
Planetarium Show
Gold City's
Beauty Parlor
Tokai Teio Short Performance
Guys, thank you so much.
Don't sweat it. Go wrap it up out there.
It's hard to say this, but...
Make sure you don't have any regrets, okay?
Teio-san!
Aw, come on, stop crying!
All right, I'm gonna go on now.
I'll make this the best goodbye ever!
Teio!
Tokai Teio Short Performance
Thank you all for coming.
I'm so glad so many people came to see me,
even though I haven't been running at all!
I'm pretty sure you all know this,
but I broke my leg again!
This was the third time,
if you can believe it!
It's almost kinda impressive, huh?
After so many times,
I'm practically used to it.
Or at least, I thought I would be.
But...
That's why...
When it comes to racing...
I don't think I can...
I can't...
Teio-san! I'll be waiting!
I'll always be waiting to
see you run again some day!
Good Luck
Teio!
I don't care if this is me
being self-centered or greedy!
Teio
You've gotta run again!
Trainer...
Teio! Teio!
You have to show us the Teio Step again!
You look your best when on the track!
Don't let some injury get you down!
You're not beat yet!
You're in the process of winning!
They're right!
Please, Teio!
Don't let it end like this!
Come on, Teio!
Tokai Teio Short Performance
Guys...
How much longer?
Is there... no hope?
Six seconds.
Make it quick!
Right!
The stands are left in shock!
Twin Turbo has gone all-in
on this outrun effort!
She has such a huge lead that it's hard
to estimate the distance at this point!
Was this part of the performance?
What the hell?!
This wasn't part of the program!
I'll have them cancel—
It's fine. I gave the authorization.
I'm sorry. I forgot to tell you.
Twin Turbo is on the run!
She's way out in front!
Her turbo engines are firing
on all cylinders again!
Entering the third corner and
she's still accelerating!
She's letting it all out on the track today!
Twin Turbo's running like
a fugitive, in first place!
Trying to close the distance is the favorite,
Rice Shower, ready to move into third!
She's currently in fourth place
with her defeat of the top horse girl,
Mejiro McQueen, still fresh!
Go for it! Turbo!
But will the Ebon Stayer manage to catch up?!
Second place, Weiss Stone, is somewhere
between 1 to 3 seconds behind Twin Turbo,
with Imperial Thalys in third!
But we're already seeing Twin Turbo,
and only Twin Turbo,
enter the curve of the fourth corner!
Twin Turbo is still on the run!
And as we enter the final straightaway,
Rice Shower is finally closing in!
But Twin Turbo is passing
the 200 meter marker!
Can Rice Shower make up
the difference in time?
This is what happens when you don't give up!
It doesn't look like Rice Shower will reach her!
Tokai Teio!
Number 11, Twin Turbo!
The runaway Twin Turbo pulls it off!
Eat that... Teio...
Tokai Teio Short Performance
Teio-san!
Well, this is a total mess.
Yes, it is.
There's still so much
I want to learn from you!
Please, come back!
We're begging you, Teio!
We'd miss you too much!
Please come back! Let's run together again!
Come on back.
I'll say it again...
No matter what happens to you...
No matter what anxiety or
difficulties stand in your way,
I will continue to run...
So that I can remain the top horse girl.
But... I might not be able
to catch up to you anymore.
Miracles can happen when people
wish and strive for them.
I'm sure of that.
Teio! Teio! Teio!
Tokai Teio Short Performance
Well, if you're all gonna be like that...
What else can I say?
Watch me, everybody...
I'm gonna try again!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm